Welcome to the Ocean Studio here as part
of the Yada Yahowah blog. I’m your host, Craig
Winn, and this is the Wookie. We’re here
to continue our presentation of the sixth
Mizmowr, recognizing that really all thirty-five
really,
of the initial Mizmowr that
were written by Dowd,
who is the former and returning king of
Yisra’el, the actual Mashyach,
the genuine Son of Yahowah and our Savior,
speak of what Dowd has decided he wanted
to do.
which is to fulfill the role of the
Pesach lamb,
and then to honor the promise of Matsah
carrying our guilt into She’owl so that it
would never be seen again,
so that we could join him in becoming
the firstborn children of Yahowah.
It is a profound revelation to recognize
that each of these first thirty-five
Mizmowr speak of Dowd in this role,
because everything that he has achieved,
everything that he prophetically spoke
about through these Mizmowr have been
stolen from him,
literally taken by Jews and the creation
of three religions.
initially Christianity followed by Judaism
and then Islam as rabbis worked against
their Mashyach denying the very Son of Yahowah
and Savior their king of all that he
had achieved you see
There was no Jesus.
Paul, a failed rabbi,
created the myth of Jesus based upon the
truth of Dowd,
having foretold that he would come in year
four thousand,
which is year thirty three C.E.
to fulfill Pesach.
Matsah and then un-yeasted bread, Matsah,
and following that with firstborn
children, Bikuwrym.
He wrote about it in the twenty-second
Mizmowr.
He told us his motivations for doing so
in all of these Mizmowr, including the sixth,
which is what we're currently reviewing.
There should have been no hesitation to
recognize him, even as Gabry’el,
Yahowah’s most capable and qualified man.
told us through Dany’el in five fifty five
B.C.E.
that he would arrive at this time.
And so the entire myth of Jesus is
a counterfeit of what Dowd,
Dowd represents.
Of course,
now that counterfeit is embellished to
give the Son of Yahowah divine status as
if he were a God that was resurrected
as opposed to the one who served as
the Pesach lamb.
And that would require a heavy dose of
Dionysus being mixed in with the identity
theft of Dowd.
So this is, well,
Quite frankly,
I have just solved the greatest crime ever
perpetrated against humanity,
the creation of Jesus Christ.
And I have also revealed the greatest
discovery pursuant to Yahowah also in human
history with the pronouncement that the
actual Mashyach, Son of Yahowah,
as well as our Savior,
our returning King is in fact Dowd.
And so having told us so explicitly,
precisely what he was going to accomplish
and then doing it,
Dowd is none too happy that his own
people have denied him creating false
messiahs through Judaism, Christianity,
and Islam.
So the prime purveyor of forgiveness
of course,
is not in a very forgiving mood at
the moment,
and we should therefore view Dowd's
sacrifice as divisive,
separating those for whom it was intended
from those who would deny what he had
achieved.
Said another way,
Dowd perfected the children of Yisra’el who
embraced the covenant by taking our
collective guilt into She’owl and depositing
it there, never to be seen again.
And he also earned the right to determine
She 'owl's future inmates.
Having done this,
he gained great respect with Yahowah.
And as it would transpire,
he's now eager to humiliate those who
disparaged his name,
robbed him of his titles, his accolades,
and his sacrifice.
And don't think that Christianity is the
only one.
As a matter of fact,
There is no Christianity without
rabbinical malfeasance.
Not only did rabbis train Paul so that
he knew how to misrepresent the Towrah and
prophets to lie,
to permeate all manner of deceitful and
fraudulent agendas,
but it's the rabbis who should have
recognized Dowd's arrival and what he was
achieving at this time.
And Judaism created by Rabbi Akiba is
nothing but his response to counter the
growing popularity of Paul's fraud.
And that's why he perpetrated Rabbi Mark
Hakva, you know,
the warlord as a Mashyach on the world,
causing the diaspora,
ultimately leading to the Holocaust.
You know, we had
Within a hundred years of this time,
we had not one, but two false messiahs.
And then it's rabbis again with their
Babylonian Talmud.
They recited those stories to Muhammad,
sold them to Muhammad so that he could
make his Quran seem credible.
Without those Talmud stories,
no one would ever have heard of Muhammad.
He would have been a local thug that
would have disappeared into the ether of
the
sands blowing sands of Arabia but it's
rabbis that made his Quran seem religious
and so Dowd obviously is none too happy
with any of these people and he
continues in the sixth Mizmowr all every
one of my enemies with animosity and
rancor my foes those opposed to me those
who show hostility to what I represent
will be ashamed.
They will be humiliated as a result of
their own choices, bosh.
They will have chosen to be disrespected
and embarrassed.
It was written in the call, imperfect,
actually, imperfect,
ongoing considerations and juice of that
they made this choice.
They will have chosen their fate,
which is going to be terrifying.
They're going to be agonizing for them
beyond comprehension.
They're going to receive what they have
chosen to perpetuate and perpetrate.
They will be totally bewildered,
altogether despondent and trembling in the
niffle imperfect Joseph.
So once again,
as a result of their own choices,
having turned away,
they will be held accountable for their
shameful ambitions.
Shubh Mush.
Again and again,
they have turned their backs and have
pursued disparaging desires.
having repeatedly chosen wrongly and thus
have been continually mistaken.
And at long last,
they will be found guilty and thus be
forever embarrassed as a result of their
motivations.
In an instant and continually thereafter,
at that moment and continually for the
full duration of time.
This was Ms.
Moore Lyric to sing Psalm six, ten.
In this case,
the Mashyach wasn't being mean or even
vindictive.
Instead, equitable and fair.
Those who had deprived his people of the
restored dignity that he had afforded them
would be denied theirs.
Those who had promoted Judaism and
Christianity, then even Islam,
to deny Dowd as the Mashyach,
as the Son of Yahowah, as our Savior,
the respect he had earned,
And Yisra’el,
the opportunity for redemption?
Well,
they chose their fate by denying others
the opportunity for a better life.
This is why Yahowah despises rabbis in
Judaism.
Now this known,
the concluding sentence is a bit of a
challenge to translate because the primary
use of shuwb is to return,
which is the opposite of what Dowd would
be asking.
And while shuwb is used to speak of
returning, two hundred and seventy times,
Its second most common usage,
occurring some one hundred and twenty
times,
is as an auxiliary verb whose function is
to repeat the action of the verb which
follows.
And in this case, it's bosh.
We should therefore recognize that it is
revealing that there is a repeated
propensity of the rabbis who conceived
Judaism to deny Dowd,
the Mashyach and Son of Yahowah,
of his due.
that they continually turn away from Yahowah,
whose name they have erased.
This reflects a pattern of behavior,
which will result in a reprisal.
Would you like to get down, Mr. Wookie?
So it's telling that so many have an
aversion to Dowd status with Yahowah.
Okay, say goodbye.
Say goodbye.
Okay, here we go.
We knocked our little mouse on the ground
in the Wookie Safeguard Rescue Mission
there.
As this little guy right here,
this represents my ability to move the
teleprompter so that when I'm reading a
passage to you that I have translated,
I can keep the text in front of
where the camera is providing this video
image.
So, in this case,
I think it's telling that so many,
I mean,
billions of people now have shown an
aversion towards Dowd status with Yahowah.
They prefer to see Jesus, Akiba, Paul,
Muhammad, or Muhammadis in his place.
They indirectly even will
promote their admiration for prime
ministers and presidents and popes,
all in opposition to Dowd as the
undisputed king of Yisra’el,
because they want to control their
nation's status and fate.
And while many prefer to solicit other
saviors, they have chosen poorly.
and they're going to bring judgment upon
themselves.
Every Christian that promotes the myth of
Jesus Christ is an enemy of Yahowah and
of His beloved Son, our Savior, Dowd.
The same thing is true with the rabbis
and their Hashem and their beseeching an
unknown Mashyach.
Those who deny that Dowd is the very
Son of Yahowah.
So those who thought a claim to rise
above the most uncommon of men will in
the end be shamed before the most special
of men, the Dowd.
Those who have promised salvation
elsewhere will be denied it.
It's fair.
When contemplating the nature of those
foes,
keep in mind that
They were not a collection of isolated
individuals with petty personal
grievances.
Dowd represents Yahowah and his Towrah.
Dowd is the exemplar of the Beryth
covenant,
and he fulfilled the first three,
Mow‘edym and Miqra’ey,
and will take this starring role in the
final two.
And he is Yisra’el.
He is Yahuwdah.
He is the Tsedeq,
the rightful heir of all that Yahowah is
offering.
He is the one who Tsedeq vindicates.
Dowd is the beloved son of Yahowah.
According to Yahowah,
he said it three times and he said
it of no one else.
He is the firstborn of the covenant
family.
He is the branch from which everything
worthwhile grows.
He is the very tree of lives.
He is the prophet who explained
everything.
the past and revealed its future.
He's the lyricist who sang the songs that
Yahowah most loves to hear.
He is the shepherd of our father's sheep.
He is the sacrificial lamb who made our
salvation possible.
And he is the returning king,
not only of Yisra’el,
not only of planet Earth,
but of the universe forevermore.
Yahowah
engages through men,
which is why we're told in the
Eighty-Ninth Mizmowr,
and it cannot be denied,
that Dowd is Elyown,
the very influence of Yahowah.
Dowd,
whose name has been corrupted to David,
as if there were a V in the
Hebrew language,
and as if Dowd didn't know how to
write his own name,
and the I is supplied,
He's living proof that the Towrah not only
instructs and guides,
but indeed provides vindication,
nullifying a basis of Christianity which
is based on claiming otherwise.
Further,
the undermining of the world's most
popular lie, Dowd then is our Savior,
the Son of Yahowah, the Mashyach.
But Dowd is false.
equally lethal to Judaism,
not just Christianity,
because the Mashyach fulfilled the first
three Mowedym.
So there is no basis for rabbinic Judaism,
for Akiba,
for the false Mashyach Bar Kokhba,
or for denying the benefits of Pesach
while avoiding Matsah altogether,
as well as Bikuwrym.
The rabbinical denial of these things led
to the destruction of the temple,
the raising of Judea, the diaspora,
and to this very long and prolonged
estrangement from Yahowah.
As such, the king's foes,
the Mashyach's foes, our Savior's foes,
Dowd Dowd's foes,
are those who have chosen to ignore
all that he has achieved,
all of his attributes and accolades.
And they have established religious and
political institutions in conflict with
his life and with his lyrics.
In the most broadly accurate and relevant
sense,
Dowd is predicting that those who have
chosen to promulgate religious and
political ideologies,
particularly Christianity, Judaism,
and Islam,
will be humiliated the moment he returns.
For those who think that Judaism is the
wellspring of these other two so-called
Abrahamic religions, I have news for you.
Judaism became the product of Rabbi Akiba
in the second century CE.
What was practiced previously was really
not Judaism.
And Jews know that Rabbi Akiba is the
father of rabbinic Judaism.
There wasn't even a rabbi before Paul
called himself one.
And after Paul proclaiming that he was a
rabbi,
other Jewish religious leaders used the
title upon themselves.
And you see it mostly in the third
century CE after Paul claimed this title.
It does not mean teacher.
It means arrogant one, great one,
exalted one.
It's a reprehensible title.
And
It is Rabbi Akiba who in the second
century,
in the Yowbel year of one hundred and
thirty three,
tried to fight the growing enthusiasm for
what the Ebonim had
written about and had attested to which
was that Dowd as the Mashyach and the
Son of Yahowah had fulfilled Pesach exactly
when where how why and how he had
foretold in his own Mizmowr Dowd
actually described his own suffering on
Pesach through crucifixion a thousand
years before he endured it
seven hundred years before crucifixion
even existed.
And so there were Jews who recognized him,
and the rabbinical,
this growing rabbinical religious
community didn't want to lose control.
And so that's why Rabbi Akiba foisted a
false Mashyach, Bar Kokhba, on Yisra’el,
Judea,
to overcome the popularity of this false
Mashyach of Jesus Christ, Iosu Christou,
and also of the loyalty that was being
shown to Dowd through the accounts of the
Ebonim.
And so it is Judaism that is a
response to
what happened in thirty-three CE,
emerging a hundred years thereafter.
And, of course,
it is rabbis and their Babylonian Talmud
that made the Quran religious such that
Islam is known and lethal to Jews today.
This is the order of things,
and Dowd recognized the role that his
people would play in their own demise.
fact is that Dowd never met a threat
to his people that he did not confront
he's like Yahowah in that way I try
to follow their example and over a
lifetime of conflict it never grew
worrisome for Dowd but
This was an entirely different situation.
He would surrender his body,
willingly allowing the worst of his
people's foes to torture him before his
nephesh soul carried their guilt into
She’owl to restore the covenant with
Yisra’el.
So not only was there very little fanfare
on this occasion beyond the Ebonim,
and mostly rebuke from the religious
community.
Here,
the greatest gift ever offered was
forlorn,
misappropriated by some and denied by
others.
And so the Zeruah, the sacrificial lamb,
was naturally anguished by the slanderous
rebuke.
And there was a torrent of it because
the fullness and importance of his life
remains largely unknown.
And life is really lives plural.
I mean, Dowd is the etz chamem,
the tree of lives,
because he has already lived two and will
live a third.
Now, fortunately,
the demise of the knuckleheads is both
impending and inevitable.
So here, once again, is Dowd's story
In his own words,
this is a recap of the brilliance of
this Mizmowr.
I will still comment on it,
but keep my comments to more of a
minimum than I had leading to this,
and that I think this is now our
fourth program already on the sixth
Mizmowr,
which we are completing now with this
review.
It's written to the enduring leader,
accompanied by stringed instruments.
above and beyond the eighth octave.
It is a song of Dowd the Beloved.
The enduring leader is Yahowah.
He is Dowd's beloved father and God,
of course.
And this is written to be above and
beyond the eighth octave.
What that means is that Dowd is fully
aware, and I have shared with you,
that Yahowah has a fundamental plan.
It is six,
which is the number of man created on
the sixth day,
who is a carbon-based life form with the
atomic number of six.
Who, in addition to man,
when man is combined with Yahowah,
who is one, Echad.
That combination of man plus Yahowah is Yahowah's
idea of the completion of the most
important promise ever made.
And that is of us being enriched and
empowered, trusted, educated, enlightened,
enabled,
so that we can travel through the universe
together with Yahowah.
In six days,
six thousand year periods from the time we
were booted out of the garden for
non-performance, Adam was a deadbeat,
to the time that we're allowed back in
is six thousand years.
We are just eight years shy of that
now.
Once back in,
we will have a thousand years to get
it right, to...
be better than was Adam,
to demonstrate to Yahowah that we're willing
to listen to him,
that we are observant and therefore can be
interesting explorers,
that we will respond appropriately to
Yahowah's instructions,
and that we can be trusted,
even that we have resolved that when we
stumble and fall,
we can be relied upon to get back
up.
that we become interesting and trustworthy
from Yahowah's point of view,
so that as the earth becomes the
what we experienced in Gan ‘Eden,
the entire earth transformed, terraformed,
if you will,
to the conditions experienced in Gan ‘Eden with
the earth itself being our protected and
sheltered environment that is conducive to
life.
We have a thousand years from year six
thousand years to seven thousand years to
prepare this mortal remnant of Yisra’el
that will gather in Jerusalem on Taruw’ah in
advance of Yom Kipurym when Dowd returns.
and then our return to the Garden on
Sukah,
on camping out with Yahowah for this grand
opportunity.
That is the six days plus one day,
but this is for the eighth octave,
which means that Dowd is thinking even
beyond that,
which is where those who participate in
this return to Gan ‘Eden and this thousand-year
celebration of Sukah are now going to be
trusted.
to leave our planet and to explore the
universe with the enduring leader,
singing extraordinary songs as we do in
the eighth octave.
It is also a reference to the fact
that we currently are a three-dimensional
life form stuck in the ordinary flow of
time.
And that there are likely six dimensions
to our universe with Yahowah who created it
being in the seventh dimension.
And the seventh dimension explored
beyond all time,
as we even consider the opportunity to
create a new universe,
is such that it is also an expression
of the eighth octave.
So this continues, Yahowah,
you consistently prove your case through
me with pervasive arguments which
vindicate me and acquit through me,
thereby eliminating everything displeasing
and disagreeable.
Your instructions enable me to be correct
and to teach about vindication.
and you are never overly protective or
antagonistic.
Ms.
Mowr, six one, first statement now,
after Dowd has introduced this so that we
know when we read me speaking of Dowd,
the beloved Yahowah's son.
So,
Yeah, well,
it is Yahowah's one and only name.
Dowd knows it.
Dowd uses it.
If you don't know it and you do
not use it,
then you do not have the status that
Dowd has.
You are not right with Yahowah.
You are estranged from him.
And that would include virtually everyone
who would call themselves Jewish as
opposed to Yahudy.
who live in Yisra’el and don't understand
who Yahowah is because their religious
authorities have erased his name.
This makes the rabbis amongst the most
villainous criminals on the planet.
They committed identity theft.
Yahowah,
you consistently prove your case through
me.
Dowd is the exemplar.
And this is the thing that is so
important for me to share with you.
While Adam was a deadbeat,
he didn't listen.
He was not responsive.
He could not be trusted.
He did not engage and make a contribution
to the environment and the relationship
with Yahowah.
And when he stumbled,
he just continued on.
to wallow in it as opposed to get
back up and do the right thing learning
from his mistake and so he was booted
from the garden because there was no
chance that in that sheltered environment
he was going to grow beyond what he
was and that gave us as humanity six
thousand years to get it right
to figure out what went wrong in the
garden and prepare ourselves mentally,
physically,
spiritually for this opportunity to come
back into the garden and get it right
this next time.
And all of that is proved emphatically
through Dowd,
because Dowd was the opposite of Adam.
he listened to Yahowah he was observant
studying the the Towrah he was a apt
student who became a great teacher he was
responsive no one engaged more
passionately with Yahowah doing the things
that Yahowah wanted achieved and Dowd stumbled
regularly but every time he stumbled he
got back up learned from his mistake and
moved on proving that he could be trusted
He even fulfilled Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym and wrote about what he would
offer.
So, Yahowah,
you consistently prove your case through
me with pervasive arguments which
vindicate and acquit through me.
Not only is Dowd vindicated,
but he is the means that our souls
also can be acquitted.
Therefore, Dowd is our Savior,
not a rabbi.
not Hashem, not a Jesus Christ,
and sure as hell not Allah or Muhammad.
The only way to be acquitted of our
guilt is to rely upon what Dowd achieved
when he took it into She’owl to deposit
it there, never to be seen again.
That is why he said,
thereby eliminating everything that is
displeasing and disagreeable.
I think I've blended those two words
together as if they were one.
So, we'll...
focus on what they actually say.
It is,
he eliminated everything that was
displeasing and disagreeable,
thereby taking our religious and political
guilt on his nephesh soul into She’owl,
depositing it in what is equivalent to a
black hole so that it never can be
seen or known again,
making us look not guilty.
We, in fact, not just look not guilty,
we are not guilty because every
thing we have ever done that is wrong
is gone.
No evidence against us.
The verdict is not guilty.
This is what Dowd achieved.
This is the purpose of Matsah.
That's why it's such a shame that the
greatest gift ever given to us,
where Dowd's soul carried our guilt into
She’owl on Matsah, is ignored.
In Christianity,
where there are two point five billion
adherents,
not even
Perceived in the slightest in Islam where
there's two billion adherents and not
known amongst Yahowah's people, among Jews.
That's a tremendous shame.
And Dowd's saddened that he endured this
going into She’owl hell on our behalf.
And yet we thumb our nose at him.
He goes on to say,
your instructions enable me to be correct
and to teach me about vindication.
This is true.
The purpose of the Towrah.
The Towrah does not mean to establish laws
which need to be obeyed.
No.
Towrah is from Yarah,
which means it's a source of instructions
and directions, guidance and teaching.
And so Dowd is saying that it is
Yahowah's instructions which enable him to
be correct,
which is what we need to be with
Yahowah if we want to benefit from all
he is offering.
Yahowah wants us correct.
to listen to him,
to observe what he has written so that
we can be students.
And then as students,
we can become teachers and we can present
what it means to be vindicated.
He says,
you are never overly protective or
antagonistic.
This is important because that was the
entire purpose of taking humankind out of
the garden.
By exchanging us from that protective
place,
we were given the opportunity to fall and
to get back up,
to learn and then to teach.
to demonstrate that we could engage and
make a contribution,
that we could be trusted.
And so Yahowah had to be less protective.
Just like when we're babies,
our parents protect us from everything.
They have cushions every place so that
there's no chance that the child can
injure themselves before the child
develops the skillset to know how to get
up once it has fallen.
We don't allow our children to fall when
they're infants.
But if we don't allow them to fall
when they're learning to walk and then to
run, they will never develop any skill.
They will never develop the toughness that
is required,
the resilience to get up once we do
fall.
And so Yahowah was not overly protective.
Nor was he overly antagonistic.
So that when Dowd did stumble,
Yahowah didn't get mad at him.
They worked it out.
They turned it into a learning experience.
And Dowd recognizes that overall, Yahowah,
what you want to be is kind to
me.
You want to show compassion, mercy,
favoritism through me.
And indeed,
Yahowah shows more favoritism to humankind
through what he achieved with Dowd than
through anyone else,
through everyone else combined.
He says, Yahowah,
for I am comparatively weak,
which means that
Dowd recognized that even though he had
volunteered to fulfill Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym, opening the doorway to life,
perfecting our souls by carrying our guilt
away and into She’owl,
and then enabling us to be empowered and
enriched by Yahowah,
becoming heirs to all that he has to
offer on Bikuwrym,
Dowd recognized that all of those things
transpired not because of Dowd's strength,
but because of Yahowah's strength.
that it was Yahowah who enabled all of
this success,
all of these benefits through Dowd.
Yahowah likes working through people.
He enables them.
So you have chosen to promote healing and
restoration through me.
In today's world,
this is the only source of healing and
restoration.
If you want your relationship with Yahowah
restored,
the only way to achieve that is to
embrace what Father and Son have achieved
by fulfilling Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym.
It is only in this way that the
relationship is restored.
there will be an opportunity for a remnant
of Yisra’el to be restored back into
fellowship,
at least to reenter the garden,
based upon the sacrifice of the Adamah
Parah eight years from now.
But that had not transpired, obviously,
when this was written three thousand years
ago.
And so the lone means for healing and
restoration was through Dowd.
And, of course, Yahowah,
because it says my essential essence,
estem, is anxious,
eager to hasten the terrifying process and
agony.
Don’t think for a moment that Dowd didn’t
recognize when he was writing these words
a thousand years before he would endure
them.
that this sacrifice was going to be easy.
It was easy to be no merit to
it.
But Dowd knew that he was going to
go through the most agonizing two days
that any body or soul would ever
experience.
And that by doing so,
he would not only provide eternal life,
for every covenant member and enable all
of the benefits of the covenant,
which is to be perfected so that our
guilt is removed, empowered, enriched,
enabled.
by Yahowah but adopted into the covenant
family so that we inherit everything Yahowah
has to give so he was eager actually
to hasten the terrifying process of
fulfilling Pesach and Matsah and Pesach he
knew that the beast of Rome would pull
the flesh off his uh his bones he
knew that he would endure crucifixion he
wrote about it the most
gruesome form of agonizing death ever
perceived, conceived,
perpetrated by humans,
which are really experts at torture.
And he knew that that would be the
easy part,
that the hard part was actually having his
soul go into She’owl,
the place of separation from Yahowah,
essentially going into a black hole to
deliver our guilt.
But rather than dreading that terrifying
process and the agony that would accompany
it,
Dowd was anxious.
He was eager to hasten it.
He wanted it to happen because he knew
the result.
And the result was not just good for
us and that we now can be part
of the covenant family.
We can live forever in harmony with Yahowah,
be restored in fellowship.
But it also restored faith.
Everyone who is part of Yisra’el's,
particularly this final remnant and
everyone who benefits from the covenant,
we're all indebted to Dowd.
When he returns as King,
we will all revere and respect him because
we wouldn't be there without him.
We will recognize his wonderful gift.
And so he writes, in addition,
my soul is enormously eager and anxious
about the terrifying agony.
It wasn't just the body.
This is something that is so missed
because of the lies of Christianity,
where it's claimed that Iosuchristu,
this Jesus Christ fellow who never
existed.
He was a myth created by Paul,
who was demon possessed by his own
admission in fifty two C.E.
Paul actually wrote the first fourteen
books of the Christian New Testament.
and the next three were written by his
promoters, his pals, Mark, Luke, and Axe.
Here we are with
The focus being on a gruesome death of
a God on a death stake and with
no correlation whatsoever to Pesach and
said the body of the dead God was
put in a tomb and slept through Matsah.
But the fact of the matter is,
it was Dowd, his body that was brutalized,
his body was then,
per the Towrah's instructions,
incinerated that night.
And it was his soul, his nephesh,
which is what she's talking about here,
that did the most difficult of all
missions,
carrying our guilt into the terrifying
realm of death.
shield of this black hole.
And he even was eager and anxious about
enduring this because he knew what the
benefit would be.
He also knew that it would please his
father, Yahowah.
And nothing but good comes from pleasing
Yahowah.
And so you, Yahowah,
will commence the restoring witness.
What he is saying here is that, yes,
His Bashar body endured Pesach and then
his nephesh soul endured un-yeasted bread,
unleavening our souls of the guilt of
religion.
But no one would know about it until
Yahowah commenced the restoring witness.
He inspired a man,
he refers to him as the Choter,
to serve as the tree of knowledge,
to reflect as the lesser luminary,
the great brilliance of the Son of Yahowah,
the Greater Luminary,
the Tree of Lives and all that He
has achieved as the Mashyach, King,
Son of Yahowah and Savior.
And so this restoring witness is essential
to all of this because without Him,
the human experience ends in disaster.
because no one would have known what
Yahowah achieved through Dowd.
So he knows that after he endures Pesach
and Matsah,
that there will come a day when the
restoring witness will be put in place by
Yahowah who will restore Dowd's
credibility,
his reclaim what he has achieved,
who will
restore Dowd to the position that is
rightfully his the Son of Yahowah Mashyach as
our returning king and our savior the one
who opened the door to life and then
saved us from ourselves by removing our
guilt this is the greatest crime ever
perpetrated solved
And the greatest discovery ever made,
revealed.
Yahowah,
you and I both want you to return.
And Yahowah is returning.
And Dowd is anticipating this because
guess who's returning with Yahowah?
Yahowah is explicit.
not only in Second Samuel seven,
but throughout the book of Yahsha’yah,
Isaiah,
but particularly in the magnificent
eighty-ninth Mizmowr,
that when Yahowah returns,
Dowd will be Elyown.
the very influence of Yahowah in our presence
and His seat of honor,
which is the mercy seat of the Ark
of the Covenant,
will be as brilliant as the sun,
reflecting the fact that He is the greater
luminary in Yahowah's presence.
He even spoke of this sun having its
light reflected forevermore.
by the moon in this very Mizmowr because
it is essential for you to know the
role of these two men as how one
supports the other.
And so he is eager for Yahowah to
return because now not only is Dowd
returning with Yahowah,
this will be the second of October as
the sun sets in Jerusalem, six,
twenty two p.m.
local time on the October second,
which is the commencement of Yom Kipurym in
year six thousand Yah in twenty thirty
three, less than eight years from now.
And when he is returning,
There is a restored remnant awaiting him.
His bride is prepared and cleansed.
We are five days from reentering the
garden.
And he knows that he has earned our
respect and that he knows that he has
a herald standing by to serve him in
every way forevermore.
So Yahowah,
you and I both want you to return.
It is my desire and your decision to
deliver salvation with my soul.
And He will,
even beyond what He has achieved on behalf
of all of those who have accepted this
gift that Father and Son have enabled
through the fulfillment of Pesach,
Matsah,
and Bikuwrym,
nearly two thousand years ago now,
Everyone who benefits from the Shabuw’ah
harvest,
everyone who is among those gleaned on the
evening of Taruw’ah will also receive
salvation as a result of what Dowd's soul
accomplished.
But it goes beyond that because the
sacrifice of the Adamah Parah
The man from Edom, this Goy,
who is the Nakri,
sometimes it is presented,
only purges the remaining remnant of
Yisra’el of their guilt of omission.
residual religious and political guilt
that those who have been fooled have still
stigmatizing their souls,
and he will remove that so they're
prepared to witness Yahowah's return with
Dowd,
and they're prepared and cleansed to enter
the Gan ‘Eden on Sukah.
But for those individuals to grow in
knowledge,
they will have to ultimately choose to
avail themselves of what Dowd has done
such that everyone who is allowed out of
the,
or away from the earth as it serves
this purpose for all eternity into the
eighth octave will also
receive salvation through what Dowd has
done.
So he says,
you want to deliberate and deliver me.
You want to liberate and rescuing me.
And you want to save through me because
of the witness this provides to your
enduring love,
unfailing kindness and tremendous
generosity and loyal devotion,
Mizmowr six four.
Yahowah wants us to know that when he
does anything significant,
it is always through someone he chooses.
And he has never done anything as
significant as providing for our
reconciliation
through the fulfillment of Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym in year thirty-three CE,
four thousand Yah,
through his beloved son, Dowd,
and their collaboration together.
And collectively,
what this shows is that Yahowah's love for
humankind is enduring,
that he is tremendously generous and
loyal.
For indeed, by contrast, there is nothing.
It's all a void.
It is all for naught because there is
no remembrance or mention of you in the
plague of death,
the pandemic disease that causes entire
populations to die.
Dowd is conveying is that until the
restoring witness was brought to bear,
and Dowd's herald, Yahowah's Nakri,
this observant foreigner,
the lesser luminary,
the tree of knowledge, more fruit,
and provided this contrast,
mentioning what Yahowah and Dowd had
achieved together.
The plague of death, religion,
this pandemic disease that caused entire
populations to pass away and not a single
soul to be saved,
was pervasive on the planet.
Until we engaged,
twenty four years ago now,
these things were all unknown and they
must be known for the plague of death
to finally receive its antidote.
and what Yahowah achieved together with his
beloved son.
Otherwise, there is no mention of Yahowah.
The first person to reintroduce the world
to Yahowah's name was this fellow down here
through this series of books.
Yada means to know Yahowah.
It's essential for you to have an
appreciation
of the importance of reintroducing
Yahowah's name,
which is what Dowd is speaking of here.
And then this series,
particularly as we turn to Coming Home,
they all reintroduce us through Dowd's
Mizmowr, through the prophets,
to precisely what Dowd has achieved in
this regard.
In fact,
I'm sharing this with you out of Volume
One of Coming Home.
Now, just as a program note,
My beloved friend Yoel, also known as Joe,
has now
come very close to completing the
re-presentation of all of our books
through Amazon with the new logo,
the new overall look,
even presented inside in a far more
professional manner that now I would say
that somewhere in the range of
of the thirty-five books are already
available in that regard.
And of course,
all of them are already presented and
available on the website and page turners
with every book presented in its entirety
for free at yadayah.com.
But if you want one of these,
The actual printed book,
you're welcome to go to Amazon.com.
You can search for them under my name,
Craig Winn, or under the series,
Yada Yahowah.
This is the most recent book that we
have added to the series.
library it is called the time of trouble
uh it reveals exactly what is going to
happen over the next eight years why when
where these things are going to occur so
that you're prepared for what is going to
come and again every one of these books
is free their purpose is exactly what Dowd
just said so that the pandemic disease of
religion doesn't kill everyone
and that life is not for naught because
we have collectively collaborated to
reintroduce Yahowah's name and to
reacquaint the world with who Dowd is and
what he has achieved.
By contrast, there is She’owl and Sha’uwl,
the founder of the Christian religion,
who will come
So in She’owl and with Sha’uwl,
he is asking,
who will come to know you?
Expressing their appreciation for you,
even recognize or acknowledge you.
He's saying quite simply because of the
pervasiveness of the lie that is the
criminal act of identity theft known as
Christianity.
And this lie that there was a Jesus
Christ replacing Dowd.
The name of Yahowah was also replaced.
If you're a Christian,
you have no clue who Yahowah is.
None.
There is no appreciation for what Yahowah
achieved if you're a Christian.
In fact, you're spitting in his face.
There's no acknowledgement.
There's no recognition.
There's no appreciation.
There's no knowledge of Yahowah in
Christianity, Judaism, or in Islam.
And that's what...
is being said here and it's being
particularly blamed on Sha’uwl who Yahowah
caused the plague of death in Shabuw’ah,
six hundred and sixty-six years exactly
before Paul would write his first letter,
that to the Galatians.
Yahowah devoted the prophecies contained in
Shabuw’ah to exposing and condemning Sha’uwl,
Paul by name.
that you would know that he's the plague
of death and he is the one who
started all of this such that Yahowah's
name was unknown erased and so that Dowd
was replaced by false messiahs so Dowd
says i've done my part extending the time
and energy expending the time of energy to
the point of exhaustion over enduring
physical and then emotional pain and he
He volunteered to fulfill Pesach with
physical pain and then with his soul into
She’owl to fulfill Matsah with emotional
anguish.
He's done his part.
It's now time that we do ours.
And that is the purpose of the Yahowah
vlog and particularly as we turn to this,
the Ocean Studio.
It's nice to have the Nakri,
this observant foreigner.
with his back to the sea.
And all of that represents in terms of
calling Yisra’el back to life and home.
So within the all-encompassing darkness,
I swim within my bed of twisted injustice,
with my weeping and tears,
my place of repose is of testing,
of trial,
focused on achieving the proper response.
Ms.
Mowr, six, six,
knows what he's going to endure.
He knows that
It is a bed of twisted injustice,
of weeping that he is going to be
tested and yet he will achieve the proper
response.
It's just that for so long,
so many will deny what he achieved at
such great cost.
He then talks about what it's like for
him to have gone into the black hole
that is She’owl.
He says,
my eyes no longer function properly as my
ability to witness this is incapacitated
as a result of this distressful situation,
followed by this mockery and provocation
based upon erroneous perceptions and the
annoying sadness associated with these
taunts and errant assessments.
The only thing worse,
and there is one thing worse,
Then Dowd having this commitment to endure
crucifixion to fulfill Pesach and then a
trip into She’owl to enable the benefits of
Matsah is for him to have done those
things and for his people to spit in
his face, for them to deny him,
for the world's most famed religions to
state erroneous things,
annoying and saddening perceptions,
taunting him.
Christianity begins by Peter and Paul
saying that Dowd is dead and buried,
excluded from heaven,
so that they were free to steal every
promise that Yahowah made regarding his
beloved son and our Mashyach and Savior.
Newsflash, no, they weren't.
The condition is growing old and
deteriorating with all of my adversaries
and degrading troubles.
Ms.
Mowr, six, seven.
Yeah, I would understand.
It's growing old.
And he has been relegated to the boy
who slew the king.
But very little more is known of Dowd.
Even in Yisra’el, they...
parade around with a Star of Dowd,
not knowing that the star belongs to the
false Mashyach, Bar Kokhba,
and that it was the sign that was
used to harass them during the Holocaust.
There's no Star of Dowd.
I can assure you of that.
Get away from me, he says.
whether by compulsion or choice,
leave me alone.
Go away because you are rejected and
forsaken and will be taken away and
abolished.
All of you who carry out that which
is corrupt and deceitful,
injurious and fraudulent,
because Yahowah has heard the voice
sounding my lament and the expressions of
my consternation.
Ms.
Mowr, six, eight, indeed.
This is a part of a line that
Dowd, when he actually,
proclaimed what's now called the Sermon on
the Mount.
It's recorded in the book of Matthew
because he plagiarized the account of the
Ebonim.
He says, get away from me,
I did not know you.
In this case,
Dowd recognizes that finally there will be
a voice that will express his
consternation and will speak openly about
the deceitful and injurious fraud that is
Judaism, Christianity, and Islam.
And for many of you,
you know that I've written thirteen
volumes renouncing Christianity, Islam,
and Judaism.
doing to those false religions that have
robbed Yahowah of his name and Dowd of
his dignity and achievements as no one
before
He says,
Yahowah has listened to this favor for me,
which is the arrival of the Choter,
of the lesser luminary,
of the tree of knowledge,
so that Dowd's story could be known again,
so that we could benefit from what he
has achieved.
So Yahowah has listened to this favor for
me.
Yahowah has received, grasped hold of,
and accepts my thoughtful request to
intervene.
And indeed we have.
I've intervened in the passage of time at
this last moment in time to call you
to the truth, to invite you,
to show your respect.
Yahowah and for his beloved son Dowd and
all that they have achieved so that you
might receive the benefits of the covenant
and yet he writes all of my enemies
with animosity and rancor will be ashamed
they will be humiliated as a result of
their choices Dowd knows that recompense
is required that to those who created the
lies this great crime that
repudiated everything he had achieved,
must pay a tremendous price.
They aren't simply going to go to She’owl.
Just before,
Rabbi Akiba and Paul and Peter and Luke
and Mark, Matthew and Muhammad, Mamadis,
Akiba, before they are all sent to She’owl.
And they will all go there,
along with every pope.
Before that occurs,
there will be recompense.
You can be assured of that because of
the harm they have caused.
They will have chosen their fate,
which will be terrifying.
It will be agonizing beyond comprehension,
receiving what they have chosen to
perpetuate.
Yahowah hates religion and despises those who
promote religion.
This is the fate of the rabbis,
of the priests, the popes, the pastors,
all of those who have acted shamefully and
who have negated everything that Dowd has
achieved.
Once again,
as a result of their own choices and
having turned away,
they will be held accountable for their
shameful ambitions in an instant and
continuing thereafter.
Mizmowr Psalm, six, ten.
You can count on recompense.
You can account on the fact that all
who have been harmed by these lies will
know that those who have perpetrated them
will be held accountable.
It is as it should be.
For his people to benefit,
From what he has done,
those who have misled the world for the
sake of their religions must be silenced
and refuted.
The greatest treasure of all is to be
found when we recognize Yahowah's name and
realize what he achieved through his
beloved son, Dowd.
Now,
while it is common for Dowd to dedicate
his songs,
it is highly unusual for him to title
them.
And yet we're going to see him doing
this very thing as we move from the
sixth to the seventh Mizmowr.
And while I would love to share it
with you now as we're enjoying this
beautiful sunny day with the blue sky and
the white puffy clouds moving across our
sky from east to west and the palm
trees ruffling in the breeze behind me.
I think we're going to save this for
our next program.
And that way we have another opportunity
to have this ocean stir insights and
understanding behind us as we pursue what
our King, our Savior,
the beloved Son of Yahowah had to say
in his seventh Mizmowr.
So I thank you for listening.
Good day.
NOTE: Cleaned and proofread on December 12, 2025. The file is fully complete.